Improve error message for invalid lambda captures (#94865)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang no longer emits a "declared here" note for a builtin function that has no declaration in source.
  Fixes #GH93369.

> - Clang now has an improved error message when trying to capture a variable for lambda function expressions.

Reviewer: This should be more descriptive, i.e. I’d mention that this is specifically about the case of trying to capture a class member.

- Clang no longer emits a "declared here" note for a builtin function that has no declaration in source.
  Fixes #GH93369.

> - Clang now has an improved error message when trying to capture a class member variable for lambda function expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang now has an improved error message for captures that refer to a class member.
  Fixes #GH94764.
```
